okay just waiting for the meringue to
cool and once this to cool before I roll
it up I've turned to tie it onto another
piece of tinfoil the lemon carrot is
practically cool so that's fine I have a
little bit of whipped cream which I get
to mix here with the lemon carrots in a
minute but just for the moment I just
want to make a bit of chocolate sauce
cooking to serve with the pea I've got
some cake that's cooked already so I'm
not waiting for this but thankfully here
I've got 75 grams of chocolate dark
chocolate breaking that meant to bits
I've got a little bit of grated orange
zest I'm going to add in some cream and
then just stir it up over low heat and
it just makes a really rich creamy
chocolate sauce which are then going to
drizzle over the cake it's not essential
for serving with the cake and here is a
slice of it and I want to show you can
you see Tamar I see but you see that
texture it's a really moist form all the
nuts from the ground hazelnuts or grant
elements you could use it gives it a
really wonderful texture and this will
be just lovely like this served bit of
icing sugar with a cup of coffee or you
could as I says service with the
chocolate sauce idea to make just to
make it even more than a dessert line
but not so Center
meringue is nearly cool enough chocolate
sauce is coming your race coming along
okay the Paris is kind of cool enough
now
I can fold in some whipped cream has
anybody got any questions from Rachel
oh so we're will come around to your
house
okay
to have 11 carats into the whipped cream
you can leave again that's like in
marble so if this was going to be a
little desert or broken up meringue we
just added in the broken that meringue
now like this and then just serve it in
little glasses good couple sir glasses
they would be lovely
I think that is just cool about
fantastic to row
the commands of some browsers breeze
here as well so pour some of the whipped
cream and lemon tires mixture
yeah yeah take it off the rack
lovely well of course this one will be
done in advance the meringue need to be
made yesterday
lemon courage because of amazed
critically just began a jar in the
fridge or of course you can borrow
you're ready mate
lemon courage but as you can see it's so
easy to make this could all be done the
advance and then in the morning of your
dinner party you could just roll it up
to get ahead I'm gonna put some
raspberries in but it can't just be
rolled up and syrup to meet at the other
things do today but it's very handy to
be able to do this you know first thing
in the morning keep it wrapped up in the
tinfoil in which are rolling at marrow
and then blazer tonight take apart the
tinfoil and it's ready to serve sinter
roller chef it's just really easy as you
can see you just know it does but all
you need to do
and you just kind of can you feel like
that we just want to further save our
pushes as a board here thank you like
this and I'm just going to fold the edge
could you see you know you probably
can't see the mirror I'm just going to
pull this little bit of tin foil under
because I want to flip attach still tiny
bit warm patina was divine
pull the tinfoil ass yeah yeah yeah
anyone watch them very quiet it's a
great wondering what's missing this is -
a little bit warm
the be even better you know if it was
rolled up in the fridge all day serve it
to mice I can catch a slice you'll be
nice and gooey
thank you
police thanks a lot
so there is a slice that have got a nice
big
big slice I like to serve it's not a cut
size dishing up to important warm
angelicus butanol raspberries
turn around
little bit of icing sugar and there is
your little coconut and lemon meringue
rulers little bit of mint always kind of
potus's up a bit there okay I've got
this rich chocolate sauce now with the
equal quantities of chocolate and cream
you make quite a thick chocolate sauce
but if you want to make it a little bit
more runny add either well you know what
I've got hot water here there's nothing
wrong with adding a tiny bit of cross
water if it's the same temperature as
the chocolate it won't lock and suddenly
kind of solidify so if it does how do
you overcome it - you clipped a little
bit more extra milk it yeah or I just
put it on the gentle heat to kind of
melt it out again
you didn't eat chocolate like gelatine
will suddenly block even if it gets
comes in contact with something else and
they're different at a different
temperature
hot chocolate sauce over the top like
it's not rich enough already
so that's it she really quite simple but
perfect Virginia party little bit of
entertaining over Christmas baking
recipes we've got the coconut and lemon
meringue real ours and we've got
chocolate hazelnut and marmalade cake
with a rich chocolate creamy sauce thank
you